IBX-180: Template and basic content rendering revision (#1361)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/content_rendering/design_engine/design_engine.md

# Design engine

You can use multiple different designs (themes) in your installation.

You can set up different designs per SiteAccess or SiteAccess group.

Designs are configured under the `ezdesign.design_list` key:

``` yaml
ezdesign:
    design_list:
        my_design: [theme1, theme2]
        another_design: [theme3]
```

To indicate when to use a design, configure it under `ezplatform.system.<scope>`:

``` yaml
ezplatform:
    system:
        <scope>:
            design: my_design
```

Each scope can use only one design.

!!! caution

    After you create a new folder with a design in `templates/themes`,
    you must clear the cache (`php bin/console cache:clear`), even if you are working in the dev environment.

## Order of themes

The order of themes in a design is important.

> The design engine tries the first theme listed in configuration (for example, `theme1`), first.

Author: ```suggestion
The design engine attempts to apply the first theme listed in configuration (for example, `theme1`), first.
```

If it cannot find the required template or asset in this theme, it tries the next theme in the list (for example, `theme2`).

You can use this behavior to override only some templates from the main theme of your website.
Do this, for example, when you create a SiteAccess with a special design for a campaign.

## Additional configuration

### Additional theme paths

You can add any Twig template folder to the theme configuration.

You can use it if you want to define templates from third-party bundles as part of one of your themes.

> Do it by setting the `ezdesign.templates_theme_paths` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do it, set the `ezdesign.templates_theme_paths` parameter:
```
